Updating contributing readme details (#903)
NWACus/avy: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Getting involved

Since you have landed on this page, we assume that you want to help us with Avy. Amazing. We love it. 

You can start by looking at our list of issues. We do our best to keep the tags on those updated best we can. If you see an issue that you want to tackle, feel free to fork the repo and suggest a PR to fix/add the issues. One of the developers of the project should respond within a few days. If the issue is not assigned to someone, it means no one is currently working on it. 

Things to look at and get engaged on: 
- [Good first issues](https://github.com/NWACus/avy/labels/good%20first%20issue)
- [Bugs](https://github.com/NWACus/avy/labels/bug)

If you found an issue you'd like to work on but need more context, it is best to ask questions directly in the issue. The repo issues are monitored by volunteers and NWAC staff who would be able to help provide more details when needed.

> You can request to be added to our [volunteer slack channel](https://test.com/need-to-add-link) where you can ask questions, sign up to help with larger issues with a more specific timeline and talk with other volunteers who are helping out with Avy. 

Author: whoops, need to actually add the slack request to add me to channel link

Reviewer: https://join.slack.com/t/nwactechcommittee/shared_invite/zt-30e7qf7xj-7MP7CntTMxTVJ6yusDVsBw

Reviewer: Done... still figuring out how GitHub works. I'll watch a GitHub for dummies 101 video today

Lastly, please fill out the form linked at the [bottom of this page](https://nwac.us/technology-volunteer-outreach/) so we know who you are and what you're interested in!

# Developer Environment

This project uses the Expo framework; follow their excellent [installation guide](https://docs.expo.dev/get-started/installation/) to get a development environment set up. 

> If you plan to build the app to run outside of expo go or will need to particiapte in the app publishing process, you'll need to [sign up for an account](https://expo.dev/signup) and get invited to the [project](https://expo.dev/accounts/steve.kuznetsov/projects/avalanche-forecast). If you do not need to do either of those things, you will not need access to the project to proceed with development. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you plan to build a development build of the app using EAS instead of running in the Expo Go sandbox, you'll need to [sign up for an account](https://expo.dev/signup) and get invited to the [project](https://expo.dev/accounts/steve.kuznetsov/projects/avalanche-forecast). If you do not need to do either of those things, you will not need access to the project to proceed with development. 
```

Reviewer 2: We probably want to check - if they don't use EAS (e.g. local machine for build, not cloud), I don't think they even need a log-in. It would just be for folks building e.g. an iOS build without an Apple device and xCode.

We use the following global packages:

```
npm install -g npm@8.19.3 yarn@1.22.10
```

> Currently the team primarily uses expo go when debugging/testing issues inside an Android emulator. We have a test app set on both Anroid and Apple up for changes that cannot be tested inside the expo go enviorment. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently the team primarily uses the Expo Go sandbox when debugging/testing issues, either inside an Android emulator or with actual hardware connected via USB to the development machine. We have a preview app published on both the Android Play Store and Apple App Store for staging changes that cannot be tested inside the sandbox. 
```

eas secret:push --env-file=.env
```

> If you do not wish to populate your own values, reach out to developer@nwac.us for our test values or reach out to us through our slack volunteer channel. 

Author: should we just include them in this then or would that be bad practice?

# NAC Staging Access

> This is not required to do development on the app, however if you are going to working with someting that involves the NAC API, for example Observation submission, it would be important to have access to this. Before requesting for NAC staging access, check with someone at NWAC that it makes sense for you to do so.

Reviewer: Just remove it? Wont we know who will need it when we see someone assign an issue/assign them an issue? I would imagine first timers wont need access.
